Pinterest doc update (#986)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/pinterest-ads/setting-up-pinterest-ads.mdx

<ul>
<li> The event mapping specified in the above connection setting is given the highest priority.</li>
<li> If not specified, the <Link to="/destinations/streaming-destinations/pinterest-ads/pinterest-ads-device-mode/#e-commerce-conversion-tracking">standard e-commerce event mapping</Link> is considered.</li>

> <li> If none of the above qualifies, the event name is sent as it is and is shown as <code class="inline-code">unknown</code> event in the Pinterest dashboard.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li> If none of the above qualifies, RudderStack sends the event name as is, and it is shown as an <code class="inline-code">unknown</code> event in the Pinterest dashboard.</li>
```
